## MATH360 - PRIM Model Building in Appl Math
	- # Introduction
	- # Syllabus Analysis
	  The primary purpose of this course is to be able to understand and connect concepts of mathematics with real world problems and other scientific disciplines; to communicate mathematics clearly, in writing and orally; to engage effectively and efficiently in problem solving, as an individual and in cooperative situations. My professor wants us to be able to break a problem down to its raw, conceptual nature and effectively communicate it over multiple mediums. There are many different types of assignments to assist in teaching this, such as homework, exams, and partner projects. See *Figure 1* for a full breakdown of the course's point grading scale.
	- ### Figure 1
	  |**Title**|**Points**|
	  |2 in-class exams|100 points each|
	  |Homework|100 points|
	  |4 projects|400 points|
	  |1 project presentation|20 points|
	- # Textbook Analysis
	  Of importance with any class analysis is the textbook, the core medium of learning. My course's textbook structure is less of a typical textbook and more of a teaching aid, meaning it's extra important to pay close attention in class when the teaching is mentioning the textbook. It's split into a unit-like structure versus a topological approach most textbooks take. There a multitude of topics in the textbook, but my teacher recommended not studying ahead in the text, as much of it is not covered in the course. Some examples of topics that she has given ahead of time are series (definite and finite) and linear/non-linear systems of equations. There are accompanying class notes that are very closely linked with the textbook and can be used interchangeably to better reinforce understanding in either, which have proved incredibly helpful thus far. The It uses bold terms to discuss key terms, italics to discuss edge cases or notes, and blocks to introduce equations or theorems.
	- # Overall Course Analysis
	  I would like to next discuss my overall goals and notions for the course. I hope to learn the critical thinking skills required to take a problem in the real world and apply math and model building to it. This is especially important with the rise of machine learning, which are models not too dissimilar from those discussed in the book. This course boils down to teaching high-level critical thinking. I believe that if I can get an A in this course, I will be able to apply the mathematical thinking process learned here to many of my other and likely harder math courses in the future. This is especially in line with my majors being Mathematics and Computer Science. I don't like projects in general, especially math projects. There's far too much room for error, you could make a singular mistake early on in the project and miss much of the project's possible points as a result. I actually quite like the textbook, I dislike textbooks that are overly wordy, this one chooses to instead allow the instructor to fill in extra information verbally or by example. I believe this creates a far more persistent schema of information discussed via either or both mediums. I believe that what's necessary for this course is dilligence. The assignments are long and incredibly difficult, so persistance in the form of dilli
-