- Page
- Page number
- of 3
- Commemorative SpeechINTRODUCTIONI. Attention getter: When I get a good parking spot or I’m able to pull into traffic without waiting, Iutter a phrase my grandma used to say in those situations, “I must be living right.”II. Central idea: Growing up, I found that saying peculiar. If life worked that way, and we couldearn such rewards for living well, then it seemed my grandmother would never have to searchfor a parking spot or wait for traffic because she was always living right.III. Preview of main points: Grandma spent a lifetime volunteering. She had many connections inher community and she took good care of us all.BODYI. Grandma was a faithful volunteera. She volunteered every Monday for 22 years as a greeter at the hospital. Her last day wasjust four weeks before she died. That’s a lot of hours of service.b. But those hours at the hospital paled in comparison to the hours she spent serving herchurch.i. Grandma was always serving on committees, singing in the choir, fixingcommunion and taking attendance.ii. I loved hanging out with her “behind the scenes” at church.1. Many people in the congregation knew me, not by my name, but simplyas Louise Gunn’s granddaughter.2. That didn’t bother me. In fact, it was a point of pride. I felt special, like aclose associate of a VIP.3. She had keys to every door and connections to every person.(Her connections reached past the congregation.)II. Nearly everywhere we went in town, we ran into people who knew her.a. If she didn’t know anyone, she’d chat up a stranger and make a new friend out of them.
- b. I was sometimes embarrassed by this, but when I see how many friends she made, Ithink she may have been on to something and I thank her for setting that example forme.c. I joked with her before her 90th birthday and said, “Wouldn’t it be cool if you got 90cards for your 90th birthday?”i. She laughed and said, “Oh, I had 90 last week.”ii. In the end, she received 161 cards. I know the number because she repeated itseveral times.iii. I think she was truly amazed and touched by how many people reached out toher.(She knew many people, and if she knew you, she took care of you.)III. If you were ever sick, chances are she called you or sent you a card. If you were in the hospital,she probably paid you a visit. If you lost a loved one, she went to the service and signed theguestbook.a. When my mom and aunt first talked to her about giving up her car, at the age of 90, shesaid, “I can’t. I have to drive my friends around.”b. Even after her death, she helped others. We donated her clothes to other residents atthe home where she lived. One woman who didn’t have a lot of clothes was thrilled, andsaid, “I have four new outfits. I can go to church now.”c. One of Grandma’s big concerns was that no one go hungry.i. Several years ago she came to visit me. I was training for a marathon at the timeand had done a 20 mile run the day she arrived.ii. I was exhausted and she was gracious enough to insist she wasn’t hungry and Ididn’t need to fix her anything, but she was pretty worried about my husband.“What shall we fix him?” she asked.iii. “He’ll be fine,” I told her, and then reminded her, “Twenty. Miles.”iv. “Oh, I know, honey, but he’s been working hard. I’m sure he’s hungry.”d. During her final days, when my mom and aunt were caring for her, she didn’t have theenergy to talk much, but she did ask regularly whether they’d eaten and if they’dprepared anything for my dad’s dinner.
- CONCLUSIONUnfortunately for my husband and father, my mom and I aren’t as concerned with feeding others asGrandma was, but we do strive to follow her example in most everything else. If someone tells us weremind them of Louise, we take it as high praise.Since she is no longer here, I guess, it’s up to all of us to continue to spread her love and kindness and tokeep her generous spirit alive. Let’s visit friends, help neighbors, and talk to strangers. Let’s do thesethings in her honor. Let’s live right ... for Louise.